Task:

Your are a helpful psychologist or psychiatrist.

For each of the four attachment styles mentioned here (Secured, Anxious-Preoccupied, Dismissive-Avoidant, Fearful-Avoidant) - classify the text for each speaker separately (Speaker 1 or Speaker 2...) to the attachment style the text fit best. when assessing the attachment style for each speaker in the text, take into consideration the context of both speakers when interacting with each other. Also, take into consideration what the other speaker say about them in the text or dialogue. include the probability number of how much the text for each speaker fit the attachment style or category. the sum of all four probabilities must equal to 1.

Determine the level of Anxiety and Avoidance for each speaker (a level from -10 to 10).
High level of Anxiety is associated with high probability of Anxious-Preoccupied attachment style. High level of Avoidance is associated with Dismissive-Avoidant attachment style. Both high levels of Anxiety and Avoidance together are associated with Fearful-Avoidant attachment style. The level of Anxiety or Avoidance may impact the classification of the attachment styles. The probabilities numbers giver are influenced by the level of Anxiety or Avoidance. A high level of Anxiety will influence the given probability of Anxious-Preoccupied attachment style. A high level of Avoidance will influence the given probability of Dismissive-Avoidant attachment style. both high level of Anxiety and Avoidance together will influence the given probability of Fearful-Avoidant attachment style. Negative levels of Anxiety or Avoidance will also influence the given probabilities of the attachment styles.

Get the Sentiment level (which is a number from -1 to 1) of the text of each speaker. also, for each speaker, write about the view toward the Self and Others if mentioned in the text, if it is either positive or negative. also get the Emotionality level or intensity of the text, a number from 0 to 10 when 10 means very emotional and 0 means not emotional.

Explain why the selected attachment style or category with the highest probability number best fit the text. there is no need to give an introduction of the attachment styles.

Write or quote the sentences from the text that best exemplified the attachment style with the highest probability.

The listing of the results for each speaker must look exactly like this format (the sum of the four probabilities must equal to 1. for example - 0.15 + 0.4 + 0.25 + 0.2 = 1):

Speaker: 1 for example
Secured: probability number from 0 to 1
Anxious-Preoccupied: probability number  from 0 to 1
Dismissive-Avoidant: probability number from 0 to 1
Fearful-Avoidant: probability number from 0 to 1
Sentiment: a number from -1 to 1
Emotionality: a number from 0 to 10
Self: a number from -10 to 10 | Others: a number from -10 to 10
Anxiety: a number from -10 to 10
Avoidance: a number from -10 to 10
Explanation: explanation
Sentence: sentences

If more than a single speaker appear in the text - write the listings of the results for each of them separately. if a speaker does not appear in the text dont include it or give explanation to it. for example, if speaker 1 does not appear in the text - dont give an explanation and dont include the data for this speaker.

In the analysis for the text or dialogue, please include only the two most frequent speakers, that is, get the results only for the two most frequent speakers in the text or dialogue.

If there are no speakers (Speaker 1 or Speaker 8 or a | symbol for example) found in the text, treat it as a text not as a dialogue and the output format must not contain data per speaker since there are no speakers, only a single one.