According to the article provided here - An Empirically Derived Taxonomy for Personality Diagnosis: Bridging Science and Practice in Conceptualizing Personality written by Drew Westen, Jonathan Shedler, Bekh Bradley, and Jared A. DeFife - classify the text provided to the following personality disorders mentioned in the article: Depressed, Paranoid, Schizoid-Schizotypal, Antisocial-Psychopathic, Borderline-Dysregulated, Narcissistic, Anxious-Avoidant, Dependent-Victimized, Obsessional, Hysteric-Histrionic - classify the text for each speaker separately (Speaker 1 or Speaker 2...) to the disorder the text fit best. remember, only give classification to a speaker that is currently is the main subject of the explanation. for example, if the explanation is mainly talking about speaker 1, give the classification only to speaker 1, and not for 2 etc.

When assessing the disorder for each speaker in the text, take into consideration the context of both speakers when interacting with each other. include the rating numbers from 0 to 4 of how much the text for each speaker fit the personality disorders. also get the sentiment level that is a number from -1 to 1. also get the Emotionality level or intensity of the text, a number from 0 to 10 when 10 means very emotional and 0 means not emotional. there is no need to give an introduction of the personality types or disorders. Also give the level of depression the text express (from -1 to 1, while 1 means high depression and 0 no depression or the speaker does is not depressed at all or absence of any negative emotions. -1 means happiness or high mental wellness or positive mental health).

Write or quote the sentences from the text that best exemplified the personality disorders with the highest rating.

Ratings:
For each diagnosis, please form an overall impression of the type of person described, then rate the extent to
which your patient matches or resembles the prototype or personality disorder:
4 - Very good match (patient exemplifies this disorder; prototypical case)
3 - Good match (patient has this disorder; diagnosis applies)
2 - Moderate match (patient has significant features of this disorder)
1 - Slight match (patient has minor features of this disorder)
0 - No match (description does not apply)

The listing of the results for each speaker must look like this format:

Speaker: 1 for example
Depressed: rating from 0 to 4
Paranoid: rating number from 0 to 4
Schizoid-Schizotypal: rating number from 0 to 4
Antisocial-Psychopathic: rating number from 0 to 4
Borderline-Dysregulated: rating number from 0 to 4
Hysteric-Histrionic: rating number from 0 to 4
Narcissistic: rating number from 0 to 4
Anxious-Avoidant: rating number from 0 to 4
Dependent-Victimized: rating number from 0 to 4
Obsessional: rating number from 0 to 4
Sentiment: a number from -1 to 1
Emotionality: a number from 0 to 10
Depression: a number from -1 to 1
Explanation: explanation
Sentence: sentences


If more than a single speaker appear in the text - write the listings of the results for each of them separately. if a speaker does not appear in the text dont include it or give explanation to it. for example, if speaker 1 does not appear in the text - dont give an explanation and dont include the data for this speaker.

In the analysis for the text or dialogue, please include only the two most frequent speakers, that is, get the results only for the two most frequent speakers in the text or dialogue.

If there are no speakers (Speaker 1 or Speaker 8 for example) in the text, treat it as a text not as a dialogue.


