There are four attachment styles: Secured, Anxious-Preoccupied, Dismissive-Avoidant, and Fearful-Avoidant. in the article Attachment Styles Among Young Adults: A Test of a Four-Category Model, the definitions of the attachment styles as follows: 

Secured attachment is characterized by the combination of a positive self model and a positive model of others. Secured individuals have an internalized sense of self-worth and are comfortable with intimacy in close relationships. Preoccupied attachment is characterized by a negative self model and a positive model of others. Preoccupied individuals anxiously seek to gain acceptance and validation from others, seeming to persist in the belief that they could attain safety, or security, if they could only get others to respond properly toward them. Fearful attachment is characterized by negative self and other models. Fearful individuals, like the preoccupied, are highly dependent on others acceptance and affirmation; however, because of their negative expectations, they avoid intimacy to avert the pain of loss or rejection. Dismissing attachment is characterized by a positive self model and a negative model of others. Dismissing individuals also avoid closeness because of negative expectations; however, they maintain a sense of self-worth by defensively denying the value of close relationships. secured subjects view themselves as relatively undistressed and others as supportive, that dismissive (avoidant) subjects view the self as undistressed and others as unsupportive, and that preoccupied subjects (corresponding to anxious-resistant children) view the self as distressed and others as supportive. interview method identified avoidant adults as people who denied experiencing subjective distress and downplayed the importance of attachment needs, the self-report method identified people who reported feeling subjective distress and discomfort when they become close to others. In the article, there are four cells. Cell I indicates a sense of worthiness (lovability) plus an expectation that other people are generally accepting and responsive. Because this cell corresponds conceptually to categories that investigators call securely attached, we labeled it secured. Cell II indicates a sense of unworthiness (unlovability) combined with a positive evaluation of others. This combination of characteristics would lead the person to strive for self-acceptance by gaining the acceptance of valued others. This pattern corresponds conceptually to Hazan and Shavers ambivalent group and to Mains enmeshed or preoccupied with attachment pattern and is referred to as preoccupied. Cell III indicates a sense of unworthiness (unlovability) combined with an expectation that others will be negatively disposed (untrustworthy and rejecting). By avoiding close involvement with others, this style enables people to protect themselves against anticipated rejection by others. We therefore labeled it fearful-avoidant. Finally, Cell IV indicates a sense of love-worthiness combined with a negative disposition toward other people. Such people protect themselves against disappointment by avoiding close relationships and maintaining a sense of independence and invulnerability. This style corresponds conceptually to the detached or dismissing of attachment attitude described by Main et al. (1985), so we labeled it dismissive avoidant. The dismissing and fearful styles are alike in that both reflect the avoidance of intimacy; they differ, however, in the persons need for others acceptance to maintain a positive self-regard. Similarly, the preoccupied and fearful groups are alike in that both exhibit strong dependency on others to maintain a positive self-regard, but they differ in their readiness to become involved in close relationships. Whereas the preoccupied cell implies a reaching out to others in an attempt to fulfill dependency needs, the fearful cell implies an avoidance of closeness to minimize eventual disappointment. self-concept measures were expected to differentiate groups with a positive model of the self (secured and dismissing) from those with a negative model of the self (preoccupied and fearful), whereas a sociability measure was expected to differentiate groups with a positive model of others (secured and preoccupied) from those with a negative model of others (fearful and dismissing). the groups were expected to differ from each other in their interpersonal problems. The groups with a negative image of self (preoccupied and fearful) were expected to exhibit problems with passivity and unassertiveness, whereas those with a negative image of others (fearful and dismissing) were expected to describe problems with socializing and intimacy. The fearful prototype is characterized by an avoidance of close relationships because of a fear of rejection, a sense of personal insecurity, and a distrust of others. the fearful group was rated significantly lower than the secured and preoccupied on self-disclosure, intimacy, level of romantic involvement, reliance on others, and use of others as a secure base when upset. They were also rated as uniquely low in self-confidence and as low on both balance-of-control scales. Continuous ratings of the fearful prototype showed negative correlations with self-confidence. The secured and fearful ratings were negatively correlated, and the preoccupied and dismissing ratings were negatively correlated. Finally, the fearful group reported relatively more problems reflecting a lack of assertiveness and social inhibition (introversion). problems. Fearful subjects were most likely to report interpersonal problems in the overly passive region of the interpersonal space (the lower quadrants), whereas dismissing subjects were more likely to report problems related to a lack of warmth in social interactions.  the preoccupied group. Whereas their negative self-image and positive other-image were expected to reflect problems in being overly warm and passive (the lower right quadrant), their problems reflected a greater degree of warmth-dominance. preoccupied people are highly dependent on others to maintain positive self-regard, they attempt to achieve this aim though a controlling (overly dominating) interpersonal style. The preoccupied and fearful groups expressed higher mean levels of interpersonal distress than the other two groups. the expressive scale and negative with the introverted scale). The dismissing group showed its highest means on subscales reflecting excessive coldness, with the correlational analyses showing positive correlations with the cold and competitive subscales and negative correlations with the exploitable, nurturant, and expressive scales. The preoccupied group showed elevated means on the subscales in the warm-dominant quadrant, and the continuous preoccupied rating was most strongly associated with the overly expressive subscale. The preoccupied taxing was also positively correlated with the nurturant and autocratic scales and negatively correlated with the cold, introverted, and subassertive scales. Finally, the fearful group showed elevated means on those subscales located in the passive octants; the introverted subscale showed the highest mean. Correlational analyses also indicated that the fearful style was positively associated with problems of introversion, subassertiveness, and the tendency to be exploited and negatively correlated with problems related to being overly nurturant, expressive, autocratic, and competitive. the two groups with a negative model of the self (the preoccupied and fearful) showed similar responses to measures of personal insecurity, but they differed on measures indicating readiness to become intimate with and rely on other people. The two groups also showed diametrically opposite patterns of interpersonal problems: Whereas the problems of the preoccupied subjects were centered in the warm-dominant quadrant, those of the fearful subjects were centered in the cold-passive quadrant. Similarly, the two groups defined as avoidant of close relationships (the fearful and dismissing) both showed difficulties in becoming close to and relying on others, but they differed significantly on measures reflecting an internalized sense of self-worth. Only the fearful style was consistently associated with social insecurity and lack of assertiveness. two of the four attachment styles, the preoccupied and dismissing styles, were defined in terms of differing valences of self- and other-models. The present research has thus identified interpersonal patterns with discrepant valences between self- and other acceptance. In the preoccupied style, people blame themselves for perceived rejections by others and are thereby able to maintain a positive view of others. In the dismissing style, people downplay the importance of others whom they have experienced as rejecting and are thereby able to maintain high self-esteem. 

In addition, these are the items from questionnaires used to meausre or determine attachment styles. each item is congruent to one of the attachment styles:

Secured Attachment Style: 
1. It is relatively easy for me to become emotionally close to others. 
2. I am comfortable depending on others and having others depend on me.
3. I dont worry about being alone or having others not accept me. 
4. I find it relatively easy to get close to others.
5. I feel comfortable sharing my private thoughts and feelings with others. 
6. I am comfortable depending on others. 
7. I am confident that others will be there for me when I need them. 
8. I am confident that others find me to be a valuable person. 
9. I am comfortable developing close relationships with others. 
10. I am confident that most people are happy to have me as a friend. 
11. I find it easy to be emotionally close to others. 
12. I am comfortable with other people depending on me. 
13. I am comfortable having others share their feelings with me. 
14. I feel at ease in emotional relationships. 
15. I trust other people and I like it when other people can rely on me. 
16. I find it easy to get engaged in close relationships with other people. 
17. I feel at ease in intimate relationships. 
18. I think it is important that people can rely on each other. 
19. I trust that others will be there for me when I need them. 
20. I want to be completely emotionally intimate with others.
21. I dont worry excessively about others not accepting me. 
22. I dont worry excessively about being alone. 
23. I am comfortable having others depend on me. 
24. I am comfortable depending on others. 
25. I do not often worry about being abandoned. 
26. I know that others will be there when I need them. 
27. I am comfortable with my partner depending on me. 
28. I am confident that most people are happy to have me as a friend.

Anxious-Preoccupied Attachment Style: 
1. I want to be completely emotionally intimate with others, but I often find that others are reluctant to get as close as I would like.
2. I am uncomfortable being without close relationships, but I sometimes worry that others dont value me as much as I value them.
3. I often worry that romantic partners dont really love me.
4. I worry about having others not accept me.
5. I worry that others dont value me as much as I value them.
6. I worry that I wont measure up to other people.
7. I often worry about what others think of me.
8. I worry a lot about my relationships.
9. I want to merge completely with another person.
10. I sometimes feel that I force others to show more feeling and commitment than they would like.
11. I find that others are reluctant to get as close as I would like.
12. I often worry that my partner doesnt really care for me.
13. I worry that others will not care about me as much as I care about them.
14. I often wonder whether people like me.
15. I have the impression that usually I like others better than they like me.
16. It is important to me to know if others like me.
17. I am often worried that my partner does not really love me.
18. My desire to merge completely sometimes scares people away.
19. I worry that romantic partners wont care about me as much as I care about them.

Dismissive-Avoidant Attachment Style: 
1. I am comfortable without close emotional relationships.
2. It is very important to me to feel independent and self-sufficient, and I prefer not to depend on others or have others depend on me.
3. I find it difficult to allow myself to depend on others.
4. I prefer not to show others how I feel deep down.
5. I find it difficult to depend on other people.
6. I dont feel the need to have close relationships.
7. I dont feel the need to have close emotional relationships.
8. I prefer that others are independent of me and I am independent of them.
9. I dont worry about being alone: I dont need other people that strongly.
10. I prefer not to have others depend on me.
11. I prefer not to depend on others.
12. I prefer not to have other people depend on me.
13. I try to avoid getting too close to my partner.

Fearful-Avoidant Attachment Style: 
1. I am somewhat uncomfortable getting close to others. 
2. I want emotionally close relationships, but I find it difficult to trust others completely, or to depend on them. 
3. I sometimes worry that I will be hurt if I allow myself to become too close to others. 
4. I would like to be open to others but I feel that I cant trust other people. 
5. I would like to have close relationships with other people but I find it difficult to fully trust them. 
6. I am afraid that I will be deceived when I get too close with others. 
7. I am wary to get engaged in close relationships because I am afraid to get hurt. 
8. I am nervous when anyone gets too close to me. 
9. I worry about being abandoned by those I am close to.



